This is a simplified model of a life support system for a saturation diving rig.
That is a Deep Submergence Vehicle, where the internal pressure of the rig matches the external pressure of the surrounding water, allowing people to enter and exit the rig from
hyperbaric chamber, which due to the pressure of the cabin prevents water from filling the cabin.

Convention is to use a mixture of Helium and Oxygen called Heliox.
The ratios of helium and oxygen in the mixture maintains a safe partial pressure of O2.
In this project I am regulating the concentrations of Oxygen, and Carbon Dioxide to ensure the resulting mixture is safe to breathe at a given depth. 
The safety of a mixture is regulated by the partial pressures (in atm (atmospheres)) of it's constituent gases.
Oxygen is safe to breathe at partial pressure ranges 0.4 - 1.6, too high a PPO2 (Oxygen partial pressure) can cause O2 toxicity, too low can cause hypoxia. 
CO2 must be kept to a minimum, in this project this is less than 0.01 
The partial pressure of Oxygen describes the oxygen available for respiration,
Partial pressure is the pressure exerted by a given gas(i.e. Oxygen) gas in a mixture.

The key points:
   PPO2 must be regulated to maintain safety, which means altering the molar ratio of helium to oxygen depending on the depth.
   Deeper dives require a lower molar fraction of O2, because there's a higher total pressure.
   PPCO2 must be regulated to maintain low quantity, done through air scrubbing ( part of the air filtration system)
   total pressure of the cabin must be equal to that of the ambient pressure at a given depth.


partial pressures
PV = nRT
assuming constant T, and V (safe temp and same DSV volume)
the pressure is directly dictated by the number of moles n, as R is a constant 8.31

              nRT
 P(total) = -------
               V

PPO2 = FO2 x P(total)


VARIABLES

Depth           pressure in a collumn (10m = 1atm  (water), there remains a constant of sea level pressure. 
			Therefore pressure = depth / 10 + 1)
FO2             molar fraction of Oxygen in air mixture
FHe		molar fraction of Helium in air mixture
FCO2            molar fraction of Carbon Dioxide in air mixture
PPO2            safe bounds 0.4 - 1.6 atm
PPHe            the converse of PPO2 + PPCO2
PPCO2
   Temperature  temp may not included and assumed as constant


what this program will simulate the actions to be taken in the circumstances of:


   -too high PPCO2
   -too low PPO2
   -too high PPO2
  
Each of these has it's own risks, such as hypo/hypercapnia(CO2), hyp/hyperoxia(O2).
as Helium is used as an inert filler gas, it would cause the above and
yield the greatest difference in total pressure,
potentially causing the DSV to fill with water or leak gas.

These conditions are maintained by being measured and then being directly altered to ideal values if they fall out of safe range. 

In savedRuns i have tested values that test a variety of depths, and combinations of variables that allow for all branches of the program to be explored. 
The variable Gas_Fraction is only changed if the resulting air mixture is unsafe at a given depth. 
